chore(docs): update rbac (#4946)
botpress/botpress: docs/guide/docs/managing/rbac.md

---
id: rbac

> title: Role-Based Access  Control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Role-Based Access Control
```

---

> ![This feature is available to Botpress Enterprise license holders.](assets/botpress-enterprise-feature.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![This feature is available with Botpress Enterprise license.](assets/botpress-enterprise-feature.png)
```

**RBAC** (Role-Based Access Control) allows you to control what collaborators can access.

> By default, Botpress ships with three roles in additio to the administrator (developer, content editor and agent), but you can change those and create new ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Botpress ships with three roles in addition to the administrator (developer, content editor and agent), but you can change those and create new ones.
```

![Extra Roles](assets/rbac-roles.png)
![Add Colloborators](assets/roles.png)

## Assigning a role to a collaborator

> You can easily give a collaborator access to your chatbot and assign a role by navigating to the  **Collaborator** tab from the Administration dashboard, navigate to the "Collaborators" tab. Once there, click the **Add collaborator** and specify the collaborator and email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily give a collaborator access to your chatbot and assign a role by navigating to the  **Collaborator** tab from the Administration dashboard, navigate to the "Collaborators" tab. Once there, click the **Add collaborator** and specify the collaborator and their email address.
```
